now that we got your blood pumping let's
get started the Texas Tech football team
opened its season right here at Jones
AT&T Stadium Saturday night against
Texas State time to check out those
highlights
rutherford still in a quarterback clears
the backfield straight back to throw
swatted away almost intercepted it was
dark blonde Bush that got his mitt up
there and swatted that ball down and
left defensive line coach blasphemed
intestines none of what you just uh play
Texas Tech football just get it done I
mean coach Glasgow talks about all the
time you know if you do your job if all
the people do their job I'm going to be
successful so that's going to be next
year handoff goes right side running
back he gets the handoff this time he's
got a hole he's got a first down that's
private team they got to kept their
composure what any panic and sideline
are in the dressing room all we had to
is described quite better on both sides
the ball be more consistent and we
started hitting big plays they're not
pertaining to say something Stevens but
he steps back behind him again take the
handoff right up the middle big Radi
group inside the 40th party I see no
more chickens guy out and coach always
telling make sure you haven't our livers
and yet it's how it is perfectly go more
than a great job blocking in our there
was no idea I just put the site that was
it
three Rutherford hands it off the curry
he's got the football out on the turf
and it is recovered by the Red Raiders
gok wan clerks did a great job of
stepping across the line of scrimmage
right into the Darren more unbelievable
227 yards I don't think I've ever been
around a receiver cut that me me balls
back there Nikki's gonna throw rifles at
middle of a field and deep side to ban
the pros but he makes plays you know we
got a lot of receivers that can make
plays but you know tonight he really
stood out and he did a good job 30 yards
pick up its first and goal from the six
red raiders in the backfield with him
and he's got Darren more over here in
single coverage or he likes to throw the
bay rolls to his right built the two
bounces right back up gets into the
shotgun in motion coming around left but
it's handed off to his Stevens he dives
to the end zone touchdown Red Raiders
eric stevens with his second of the
night now 142 yards i was really pleased
our kids responded in second half hour
guys never painted you know talk about
positive thought that was the number one
thing we came in locker room coaches
were fine we did Panic came out and play
the way we should have him in the second
half it was a handoff left and he didn't
get very far I think her kids kept her
composure I think they continued to play
hard and the ball bounced away a few
times another turnings ruin left side
look like I tipped up into the air that
went out of day he's great back to throw
gonna wing it middle of field caught
crossing pattern from right to left by
Thorat he was tackled but fell down on
top of a bobcat sweet because if I'm
sure felt to him like he was tackled but
he's sitting on top of a bobcat so he
just kept going his fourth catch of the
night good for 20 yards to get the rent
from the 33 officially in the handoff to
Stevens straight up the middle you
Cole gets across the 40 finally hit
where eric stephens shows some swiftness
a book tonight yeah 18-yard yeah I
particularly every time somebody has a
big play I think that's a big boost for
the sideline for the crowd regarding is
the momentum Nagy going deep down the
right side on first down or board
Raiders with 12 minutes left to play
back to throw go degi to the end zone on
the post it is caught by swindle going
to the ground touchdown Red Raiders it's
little things that that keep you from
being a real good team I think we got a
chance to be a good team but you know we
just got a lot of work to do very nice
stay tuned for more red raider weekly
after the break